https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.0/topics/db/queries/


29 May 2018

8.00

Last boomarked on chrome got fix for keeping footer at bottom. Need to sort footers out other pages profile, edit profile change passowrd - include foooters sepearetely or what

28 May 2018

5.45 

I feel more productive without music

solved pagination problem : Used django pagination from docs + simplebetterthancomplex to paginate. Found that it was partially complete splution from comment.
Followed link in comments to medium.com//sdasasfsdsfdsf found a solution(https://medium.com/@sumitlni/paginate-properly-please-93e7ca776432)  which involved something new

    1.how to make  custom template tags. Had to make 2 template tags : i.proper_paginate.py and ii.link_name.py. more details in link above.
    2. The paginator_template.html in the link above was written for cbv but i had a fbv. So i could have changed the fbv to cbv and adapted ( or at least tried). But i 
    tried to mess with template and adapted by finding out the variables i had in my view to match the variables in my template by comparing it to the solution above. 

    In that solution they use page_ob, is_paginated paginator.num_pages and anorther one i think and pass that to template whcih is what the solution 
    does as that is a class based view. SO i have variable in my view all_posts which corresponds to allposts in template. so i replaced page_obj with allposts 
    but that didnt work. Then realised they had paginator.num_pages as well so i put allposts.paginator.num_pages. But i kept  getting error 
    /Attribute Error 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'num_pages' . The solution was to put 'paginator':paginator' in my args so i was failing to link the fact that paginator was
    used as a variable in my view as well as the class based view in the solution. Remember the soltuion didnt post their view(CBV) . So relaly i just forgot to pass the 
    variable to the template which I did by passing it as args to the render function in the view.

6.03 

Read more turn into button and below ...
write blogposts for incomplete articles



                

27/05/18
pagination - done   now write about it
centered footer with position absolute margins and text-center
spent 30 mins trying to find a solution to the problem :
on home page footer appearing on bottom
on full page footer appearing near topics
looked inspect - container was going all the way to the bottom on blog.html as i was missing a ending div tag. 


use postresql made for django

IDEAS
subscription???

16th may
TO DO: 
1+2 from 15th may

definitely need to sort mobile version out looks too small compared to other websites - had meta tag in base,html head but must have accidentally spllt viewport as viewrt so didnt work  - stupid mistaker
apply readmore for mobile - gna have this as a box like on arseblog looks neater
15TH may
1.pagination on home page

2.search ??? and sort options add no of views???

3.create dynamic table to increase number of rows(column stays the same) each time a new blogpost is added. and fill the new row with the latest blogpost details i.e each column 
will have blogpost, date and time published, (could add no of views after) - done



13th may

little project : atm on blog.html current slug is presented with dashes, write little program to remove dashes and capitalize first letter of each word. may have problems wit apostrophs etc
didnt need to do this just changed .slug to .title in template - done 

10th may



footer on base.html. doesnt effect login.html as that does not extend base.html i think. style : contact/site map/
you have to keep reflecting on what you've done otherwise you forget it. Life tip. - done


can use {{ request.path }}
{{ request.get_full_path }} to get current path, with li span a we can get path like home>blog>...but we need it so that the first link is the predecessor of the following link



rule: 2 parts : 1. if on home page then just present home icons 2. if user clicks on link then present a list with the first icon as a link to home page, second link as the page the user is cuirrently on
so its a dynamic list whose length depends on which page the user is on currently. O.

1st may 18

still using h3 on home.html. blog.html is correct way so need to sort the spacing on blog.html first and then just copy into home.html
need to fill bottom with contact us, social icons, and coipyright message
date based ARCHIVE filter queryset by date reply model? 
add datetime to comment







DOING TWO THINGS NOW

FINDING WAY TO SAVE DATABASE CONTENT :

SQLITE3?
USE DJANGO ARCHIVE
Can use pyhthon shell to query databse objects but what if i lose my hardware then i dont have a backup of ym database content as the databse content is not saved in github







To do

for blog posts :

1) virtualenv on windows and envwrapper on mqwin64
2) widget tweaks using finish dudes blog
3) how to install python and django
4) shortuct for conemu

for project :

1) remove include folder and djangoadmin.py from github repo.
2) inline editing - true wysiwyg 


Notes on black background website:

6 months into my project I had a black background with white text. Here is one of the problems i came across during development. 
 django-ckeditor is a WYSIWG editor which replaces the default django admin with a  option better for editing content. 
 http://highlightjs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/style-guide.html#key-principle explains somat


